now we continue with the girls of
reality because this time
antonio again antonio care for
on the red in light I liked the end
of a week as a cheerleader for events
cumbia but whole of our presence
she asked the promoter for security
to the producer of the event that we
we would retire from the event
it imitates much red this end of
week as cheerleader of a concert of
cumbia in san juan de lurigancho and the
entertainment cameras we were happy
to do the tribute with a bar
included
for me
if we can know it to be a moment
samples
just your debut now in the
cumbia scenarios
good people us but jay jay sent
call the event organizer to
make a special demand who in
the seconds did not get them
many impossible
I will send what to retire
please please public and
you have asked we are in an event
public in both red conditions
the organizer
we are in the event and inside waiting
a few meters the organizer tells us that
6 has come and asked you not to vote
to Latin frequency
ah not that that island is put in tibás and
send us out as dogs not what
we were going to allow so in one we went
to stop the male 6 the cloth
do you have a problem with us?
the channel this grave have told us that
you have sent to ask us to get out
of the event you can say that you said that
will not enter the scenario if it is
we are still here recording your show just
on the stage you have some problem
with us there is not one more good
wave to come lose record and no no
well in addition to made coffee was requested
special to get us out you have a
problem
when we
I do not know what bothered him most if
our inoffensive presence or that only
had assisted less than 200 cats to their
event
and that the ticket only cost 5
soles we are not to blame that the blonde
has no convening power
He does not have any problem in us
thanks for that problem they see the
producer the manager and do not say or be
that if the reds do not want them to record
go away
in view that we stand firm a-66
he had no choice but to move his cart and
move as close to the stage as possible
they have been removed
happy
I do not know what's happening lately with
the girls who are being hired
for public events is to say no
private and I want to ask please
alvarito to repeat the parts where the
promoter no security for the safe
is following orders clearly
the promoter says that he has already asked
that they remove the cameras of spectacles
because otherwise she will not raise the
event to see please is
and everything to make a demand
special that the seconds did not make them
arrive
good she her social networks asks
apologies to the press because I know that
has against counting to 4 and not
can talk but that's fine or not
There is a problem that you do not want to declare anymore
osa we have every right to the
public people in the press ask
if you want to answer if you want not
answer however are the tweets yes
ok then cut it we show it but that is
that there was no problem if it gets off
of the car I say guys I can not comment
and this is what a lot of people are going to
thousands and thousands of people but let's be
honest in work here is the press
with all the naturalness of the world will
I say my lady to you if I can
answer and so I can not answer you anymore
It's that easy